Extends docs about Starknet Foundry (#831)
software-mansion/scarb: website/docs/extensions/testing.md

To do so, provide a script named explicitly `test` in the current workspace `Scarb.toml`.
If such script is found, Scarb will execute it instead of running the default test runner.

Scarb can be configured to use any tool in place of the default `cairo-test`, simply by changing
this configuration:

```toml filename="Scarb.toml"
[scripts]

> test = "my-custom-command"

Reviewer: Imo either like it was before or `command-to-run-tests`

```

## Using Starknet Foundry

> [Starknet Foundry](https://foundry-rs.github.io/starknet-foundry) is another project developed by Software Mansion team.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Starknet Foundry](https://foundry-rs.github.io/starknet-foundry) is another project developed by [Software Mansion](https://swmansion.com/) team.
```

moar seo

> [Starknet Foundry](https://foundry-rs.github.io/starknet-foundry) is another project developed by [Software Mansion](https://swmansion.com/) team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Starknet Foundry](https://foundry-rs.github.io/starknet-foundry), like Scarb, is a project built by the [Software Mansion](https://swmansion.com/) team.
```

Author: I think `developed` sounds more profesional than `built`. We can do `like Scarb`, though I thought that it should be quite obvious to Scarb users who developed it.

Reviewer: I am indifferent to build/developed but I would keep "like Scarb" to make is explicit. Do you know what companies created all of your cli tools? I am sure not, it is a bit of a knowledge bias.

> It enables advanced testing of Starknet contracts, including fuzz testing, forking the network state and many more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It enables advanced testing of [Starknet](https://www.starknet.io/) contracts, including fuzz testing, forking the network state and many more.
```

even moar seo

> It enables advanced testing of [Starknet](https://www.starknet.io/) contracts, including fuzz testing, forking the network state and many more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

It is a fast test runner designed to work well with Scarb. It enables advanced testing of [Starknet](https://www.starknet.io/) contracts, including cheatcodes, fuzz testing, forking the network state and tooling to deploy your contracts to the network and interact with them.
```

Author: I don't think we should assume that it's universally understood what `cheatcodes` mean. I think it should be written in a more descriptive way.

Reviewer: Agreed, I would just remove it but leave the part about interactions

Reviewer: I think generally we could also create a section about deploying the contracts? maybe in the Starknet extension chapter?

Reviewer: I am suggesting it because I had a perception people were asking for a scarb deploy in the past, so that would save you some explanations. If it is not the case anymore I am indifferent to this proposal.

Reviewer 2: > people were asking for a scarb deploy in the past

never heard of this, definitely not in recent months

but I think we might indeed welcome a page saying "You have compiled a contract, what to do next?" and it will have links to SNFoundry, Starkli etc. Wdyt?

Reviewer: Yup I thought about something like this.

Reviewer 2: topic for separate PR, @cptartur will you tackle this?

Author: I can do it in a separate PR as suggested.

Author: I've updated the Starknet Foundry description so it explains cheatcodes without calling them explicitly. I don't want to include anything about deploying contracts here because it has nothing to do with testing. It will be included in a different place in a separate PR.

> In order to tell `scarb test` to use Starknet Foundry testing in your project, type the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to tell `scarb test` to use Starknet Foundry as a test runner in your project, add the following script:
```

```toml filename="Scarb.toml"
[scripts]
test = "snforge test"
```

> Do not forget to properly set up Starknet Foundry in your project beforehand.

Reviewer: Please provide a link to explain how it can be done (adapting existing scarb project)

To do so, provide a script named explicitly `test` in the current workspace `Scarb.toml`.
If such script is found, Scarb will execute it instead of running the default test runner.

> Scarb can be configured to use any tool in place of the default `cairo-test`, simply by changing
> this configuration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Scarb can be configured to use any tool in place of the default `cairo-test`, simply by providing
a custom script named `test`:
```

```toml filename="Scarb.toml"
[scripts]
test = "command-to-run-tests"
```

## Using Starknet Foundry

[Starknet Foundry](https://foundry-rs.github.io/starknet-foundry) is another project developed
by [Software Mansion](https://swmansion.com/) team.
It enables advanced testing of [Starknet](https://www.starknet.io/) contracts, including fuzz testing, forking the

> network state, setting-up a
> specific contract state in your tests, and many more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
network state, setting-up a specific contract state in your tests, and many more.
```

> In order to tell `scarb test` to use Starknet Foundry as the test runner testing in your project, define the following
> script:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to tell `scarb test` to use Starknet Foundry as the test runner testing in your project, define the following:
```

with my previous suggestion, it should be now pretty clear that this is a script and this sounds repetitive to me

It is also possible to run multiple Cairo test runners, if there is a sensible use case for this.
Mind, that you will probably want to conditionally disable tests depending on the running test runner, so that tests
will not be executed multiple times.
For example, to make `scarb test` run `scarb cairo-test` and then Starknet Foundry in a sequence, type the following:

```toml
[scripts]
test = "scarb cairo-test && snforge test"

> ```

Reviewer: Just remove this example imo, it makes completely no sense. It won't work. pytest example is a good one and it is sufficient.
